feat: add spec.md file with pricing model (#366)
FilOzone/filecoin-services: SPEC.md

# Filecoin Services Specification

## Pricing

### Pricing Model

FilecoinWarmStorageService uses **static global pricing**. All payment rails use the same price regardless of which provider stores the data. The default storage price is 2.5 USDFC per TiB/month.

Providers may advertise their own prices in the ServiceProviderRegistry, but these are informational for other services, and does not affect actual payments in FilecoinWarmStorageService.

### Rate Calculation

The payment rate per epoch is calculated from the total data size in bytes:

```
sizeBasedRate = totalBytes × pricePerTiB ÷ TiB ÷ EPOCHS_PER_MONTH
minimumRate = minimumStorageRatePerMonth ÷ EPOCHS_PER_MONTH

> finalRate = max(sizeBasedRate, minimumRate)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Constants
EPOCHS_PER_MONTH              = 86400         # 2880 epochs/day × 30 days
TiB                           = 1099511627776 # bytes

# Default pricing (owner-adjustable)
pricePerTiBPerMonth           = 2.5 USDFC
minimumStorageRatePerMonth    = 0.06 USDFC

# Per-epoch rate calculation
sizeBasedRate = totalBytes × pricePerTiBPerMonth ÷ TiB ÷ EPOCHS_PER_MONTH
minimumRate   = minimumStorageRatePerMonth ÷ EPOCHS_PER_MONTH
finalRate     = max(sizeBasedRate, minimumRate)
```

```

> The minimum floor ensures small data sets still generate meaningful payments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default minimum floor ensures datasets below ~24.58 GiB still generate the minimum payment of 0.06 USDFC/month.
```
